c:\users\ksenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentFlow\DocumentFlow\obj\Debug\DocumentFlow.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ksenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentFlow\DocumentFlow\bin\DocumentFlow.dll.config
c:\users\ksenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentFlow\DocumentFlow\bin\DocumentFlow.dll
c:\users\ksenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentFlow\DocumentFlow\bin\DocumentFlow.pdb
c:\users\ksenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentFlow\DocumentFlow\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\ksenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentFlow\DocumentFlow\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\ksenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentFlow\DocumentFlow\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\ksenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentFlow\DocumentFlow\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\ksenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentFlow\DocumentFlow\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\ksenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentFlow\DocumentFlow\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\ksenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentFlow\DocumentFlow\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\ksenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentFlow\DocumentFlow\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\ksenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentFlow\DocumentFlow\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\ksenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentFlow\DocumentFlow\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\ksenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentFlow\DocumentFlow\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\ksenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentFlow\DocumentFlow\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\ksenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentFlow\DocumentFlow\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\ksenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentFlow\DocumentFlow\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\ksenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentFlow\DocumentFlow\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\ksenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentFlow\DocumentFlow\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\ksenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentFlow\DocumentFlow\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\ksenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentFlow\DocumentFlow\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\ksenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentFlow\DocumentFlow\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\ksenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentFlow\DocumentFlow\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\ksenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentFlow\DocumentFlow\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\ksenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentFlow\DocumentFlow\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\ksenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentFlow\DocumentFlow\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\ksenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentFlow\DocumentFlow\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\ksenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentFlow\DocumentFlow\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\ksenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentFlow\DocumentFlow\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\ksenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentFlow\DocumentFlow\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\ksenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentFlow\DocumentFlow\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\ksenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentFlow\DocumentFlow\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\ksenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentFlow\DocumentFlow\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\ksenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentFlow\DocumentFlow\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\ksenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentFlow\DocumentFlow\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\ksenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentFlow\DocumentFlow\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\ksenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentFlow\DocumentFlow\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\ksenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentFlow\DocumentFlow\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\ksenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentFlow\DocumentFlow\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\ksenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentFlow\DocumentFlow\bin\ru\System.Web.Webpages.resources.dll
c:\users\ksenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentFlow\DocumentFlow\bin\ru\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\ksenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentFlow\DocumentFlow\bin\ru\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\ksenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentFlow\DocumentFlow\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\ksenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentFlow\DocumentFlow\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\ksenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentFlow\DocumentFlow\obj\Debug\DocumentFlow.dll
c:\users\ksenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentFlow\DocumentFlow\obj\Debug\DocumentFlow.pdb
C:\Users\Ksenia\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DocumentFlow\DocumentFlow\obj\Debug\DocumentFlow.Migrations.InitialCreate.resources
C:\Users\Ksenia\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DocumentFlow\DocumentFlow\obj\Debug\DocumentFlow.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Ksenia\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DocumentFlow\DocumentFlow\obj\Debug\DocumentFlow.Migrations.DataMigration.resources
